I'll put you in my video all
right Welcome to New York City ah it's
always nice making friends with Out of
Towners who come to visit New
York today's video is going to explain
how I after 7
years of riding boosted boards finally
became a or perhaps the only per
professional electric boosted board
Rider on the planet but first I have to
uh I have to go to um I have to go to
[Music]
Vancouver see you
later thank you very much
[Music]
huh Vancouver I've uh never been
to never been to Vancouver
before some sort of uh maybe a re
concert happening
outside
[Music]
so I'm only here for like a day what do
I need to like what do I what do I need
to
know well vac is where it's at I have
like a day like what do I do what do you
do uh a day like not even a full day not
even full day not even full day you got
to go to English Bay go to the beach Eng
B the beach if You' only have a day I'd
suggest go to the beach English Bay
sunset or if you if you want to get real
adventurous there's wck Beach which is a
nude beach as well I think that's
helpful thank you gentlemen nice to meet
you nice to me you nice to meet you well
everybody here seems very friendly so
[Music]
far I think that's my room right right
there came down here cuz I thought I
maybe would uh like run around town a
little bit but I I got to go to bed I
got a I got a big day
[Music]
tomorrow
big day
today so I'm here in uh in Vancouver for
a most excellent reason this is like the
most exciting work thing to happen to me
in a very very long time let
me this is this is like my Canadian work
permit the thing that you need to
legally work in Canada okay hold on see
how it says name Casey nice
that look look look it it
says
occupation
model that's right just just like Derek
Zoolander I am now a male model I mean
kind of let me explain exactly how this
came to be so exactly a year ago a
couple nights before the New York City
marathon 2022 I realized I needed a
black shirt to run the marathon in but I
didn't have a black shirt to run the
marathon in gray blue gray blue white so
I rode my skateboard to Lululemon and I
found a black shirt a perfect black
shirt perfect and I ran the marathon in
that perfect black shirt let's go
casy now sometime after the marathon
some folks from Lululemon reached out
and they said hey we saw you wearing our
shirt we should stay in touch I said
yeah we should stay in touch about 10
months later 2 months ago they reached
out and said hey have you heard of our
ABC pants and I said have I heard of
them look at this
picture July 14th
2017 and those are Lululemon pants in
fact they're these exact pair of
pants they're my favorite pants because
because while they're 100% as handsome
as regular pants they're 99% as
comfortable as
sweatpants and then yeah the folks at
Lululemon said how'd you like to ride
your boosted board in our new commercial
for our men's ABC pants I was like
[Music]
yeah
I've got to get to set now somewhere
around here a black SUV that I've got to
get in that that's taking me two sets
hey nice to meet you nice to meet you
how are you good
[Music]
good
this is called styling this is the part
where um they like pick out the clothes
for me to wear and I have to try them on
and then they go that looks good those
don't that looks great we like this we
like that and then I wear that and then
this whole trailer this is like all for
me and look look at all this makeup all
this makeup is is for me o I wonder if I
get a haircut out of
this these are Lululemon underwear these
are Lululemon socks Lululemon shirt
Lululemon pants Lululemon jacket I had
them cut my hair even though I'm wearing
a hat cuz you never ever say no to a
free haircut all right I'm going to set
now but I was very specifically told not
to film like during the shoot so I'm I'm
leaving the camera wish me luck we just
get behind the
arm okay so we're on set I'm not
supposed to shoot like on set cuz
there's a lot of moving Parts here but
I'm going to try look that's the camera
truck
okay
action
I got to wait for
ity you're here and ready born ready
thank you sir
yes I think this is like I think this is
close to the last take it rained out so
we had to like stop and now I'm riding
this thing in the pouring rain and
it's I mean it's not pouring but it was
pouring see how slippery is look at that
rear
wheel still fun
though this is like officially a
officially the last shot but it's almost
dark so they're trying to make it work
even though we have like a little bit
but it's fun cuz like everybody's like
in it everybody's invested in getting
this last shot to
work is that it is that it we're done
let's he for Casey that is a
rock all right of course that was
great the commercial is done I've seen
the finished product it's amazing okay
I've got it right
here okay okay ready ready ready
Lululemon
ready wait
L right wait wait pants come off hey
look at that guy this is the actual
commercial like this is what's going to
play during football games and like on
major television here in the United
States of America maybe elsewhere I look
at it's a gray one it's a great Wayne
Gretzky Wayne Gretzky is in this
commercial ready ready no pants DK metf
it's a nationally broadcast TV
commercial starring the greatest hockey
player of all time NFL superstar DK
metap and that guy with the sunglasses
from YouTube all right but you probably
you probably missed my favorite part of
that commercial in fact I bet you you
definitely missed it ready wait for it
wait for
it can you read what that says
professional athlete I actually did it
after all these years I am now a
professional boosted
[Music]
border